Update the locator bar and settings description (#6186)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/introduction/qgis_gui.rst

.. _`locator_bar`:

Locator bar
-----------

On the left side of the status bar, the locator bar, a quick search
widget, helps you find and run any feature or options in QGIS:

#. Click in the text widget to activate the locator search bar or press
   :kbd:`Ctrl+K`.

> #. Type associated with the item you are looking for (name, tag, keyword...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Type something associated with the item you are looking for
   (name, tag, keyword, ...).
```

>    By default, results are returned for the enabled locator filters but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By default, results are returned for the enabled locator filters, but
```

   you can limit the search to a certain scope by prefixing your text
   with the :ref:`locator filters <locator_options>` prefix,
   ie. typing ``l cad`` will return only the layers whose name contains ``cad``.

   The filter can also be selected with a double-click in the menu that shows
   when accessing the locator widget.

#. Click on a result to execute the corresponding action, depending on the type
   of item.

.. tip:: **Limit the lookup to one field of the active layer**

  By default, a search with the "active layer features" filter (``af``) runs
  through the whole attribute table of the layer. You can limit the search to
  a particular field using the ``@`` prefix. E.g., ``af @name sal`` or
  ``@name sal`` returns only the features whose "name" attribute contains 'sal'.

>   Text autocompletion is active when writing and suggestion can be applied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Text autocompletion is active when writing and the suggestion can be applied
```

  using :kbd:`Tab` key.

Searching is handled using threads, so that results always become available as

> quickly as possible, regardless of whether any slow search filters may be
> installed. They also appear as soon as each result is encountered by each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quickly as possible, even if slow search filters are installed.
They also appear as soon as they are encountered by a
```

filter, which means that e.g. a file search filter will show results one by one

> as the file tree is scanned. This ensures that the UI is always responsive even

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as the file tree is scanned. This ensures that the UI is always responsive, even
```

   Note that CRS choice on startup can be set in
   :menuselection:`Settings --> Options --> CRS`.

Messaging
---------

The |messageLog| :sup:`Messages` button next to it opens the
:guilabel:`Log Messages Panel` which has information on underlying
processes (QGIS startup, plugins loading, processing tools...)

Depending on the :ref:`Plugin Manager settings <setting_plugins>`,
the status bar can sometimes show icons to the right to inform you

> about availability of |pluginNew| new or |pluginUpgrade| upgradeable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about the availability of new ( |pluginNew|) or  upgradeable (|pluginUpgrade|)
```
